 

The ABC may disclose your personal information (excluding sensitive information about you) to third parties for the purposes of direct marketing the ABC's services.  The ABC will obtain your specific consent to disclose sensitive information for the purposes of direct marketing the ABC's services.  You will be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time if you so choose.

Under no circumstances will the ABC sell or receive payment for licensing or disclosing your personal information.

3.2                     Information that you disclose publicly

The ABC provides content and services on a range of platforms with interactive features that you can contribute to. These include: guestbooks, forums, event diaries, reviews, recipes, online voting, blogs, and comments on opinion articles.

When using digital services (including online and mobile services), we suggest that you use your discretion and exercise caution when providing your personal information. For instance, if you “share” information that you have posted on an ABC website using a social media tool, it is likely that you will be sharing your personal information. The ABC has a limited capacity to protect personal information that you choose to share in this way.

Note that whenever you post personal information in publicly accessible places, such as chat rooms or message boards, this information becomes available to anyone with access to the internet. This information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information (such as your contact details) online, you may receive unwanted messages from other parties in return. Therefore, we recommend that you refrain from posting any information that you do not want seen in these public areas. For example, when participating in an ABC forum or guest book, your name will appear on the message board. In some cases, it may be appropriate to use a pen name or pseudonym rather than your real name when you are online. You must not intentionally use the name of another living person.

" Some ABC programs (such as Q&A) invite you to participate via Twitter. You should be aware that when you do this, you may be sharing personal information, including your political views. "
Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any personal information. Be responsible whenever you are online or using a digital service.



3.3                     Information that is disclosed via other platforms or services
Some ABC services may be integrated with external services, including social media networks. This may mean that information, for instance about your interests and activities, is tracked or pulled from other places (such as Facebook). If you are signed in to an ABC service which is integrated with other media tools, this information may be available to others depending on the privacy settings you have in place on other platforms.
The number and nature of social media platforms is changing rapidly, and the way in which information is shared between them is becoming increasingly complex. To help you manage and protect your personal information, the ABC will ask you to opt-in before making your personal information available through an integrated service. You may also opt-out of your participation in most of the ABC's digital services. Information about how to opt-out will be provided in the particular service. However, you should be aware that the ABC may continue to store personal information provided by you prior to you opting-out.
Your ability to opt-out of a third party tool or platform will depend on the conditions governing your agreement with that third party.You may request access to personal information that is held by the ABC about you. Requests for access will be dealt with by the ABC in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act 1982.

The ABC will take reasonable steps to make appropriate corrections to personal information so that it is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
The ABC welcomes feedback about privacy issues and will attend to all questions and complaints promptly.

You can contact the ABC about any privacy issues as follows:
By email: privacy.abc@abc.net.au
By mail: ABC Privacy Contact Officer
Australian Broadcasting Corporation
GPO Box 9994

Your State or Territory:We will never knowingly send you unsolicited commercial electronic messages. More information on the Spam Act 2003 is available from the regulator's website: http://www/acma.gov.au/spam

We may use information that we know about your likes and interests to tell you about other ABC programs, products and services when you are online. We may know about your likes and interests because you have provided that information, for instance via a social media platform, or because we have inferred this based on your browsing history, or other data related to your behaviour on ABC digital services.The ABC will take all reasonable and practicable steps to ensure that your personal information is properly protected from misuse or loss, and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.

At the same time, we are committed to providing innovative and interactive experiences, and to being available to audiences on multiple platforms. Some of those platforms are not operated or controlled by the ABC, and our ability to protect your personal information is limited.

We encourage you to be vigilant about the protection of your own personal information when using third party digital services (such as social media platforms). As far as reasonably practicable, we will make sure that our relationships with those third parties include appropriate protection of your privacy.The ABC uses a “cookie” system on its digital services. A “cookie” is a small data file placed on your machine or device which lets our digital service store information. This information allows us to make our digital services easier to use and more relevant.
The ABC uses cookies for interactive features such as forums, voting, some games and online shopping at the ABC Shop website. For instance, cookies allow our servers to keep track of your customer details between visits to the ABC Shop website. The information stored by the cookie includes data that is provided during online registration processes. Placing cookies on your device also means we can serve you promotional information that you might be more interested in. The promotional information can appear on third party digital services as well as ABC digital services. It also allows us to control the number of times you see that promotional information and measure how effective the campaign has been.
Credit card information is never stored in a cookie.
The analytics systems used by the ABC use cookies to gather information regarding visitor activity on the ABC's digital services. This is not used to identify personal details but is collated into aggregate results in order to evaluate and improve our services.  When you use the ABC's digital services, some information is logged automatically, such as your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type, pages visited and videos viewed. The ABC engages independent measurement companies (such as Webtrends and Nielsen Online) to perform these services. Privacy information from Webtrends is available here. Nielsen Online provides its privacy information here.

7.1         Controlling and deleting cookies
Popular browsers will usually give users a level of control over cookies.
You can set your browsers to accept or reject all, or certain, cookies. You can also set your browser to prompt you each time a cookie is offered.
Most cookies are easy to delete, and the Help function within your browser should tell you how. Some digital services may not load properly or function as intended if cookies are disabled, however it is up to you to determine the balance of convenience and computer privacy that you are comfortable with.

7.2         Cookies used by the ABC
The ABC uses the following types of cookies:
Session Computer Browser Cookies – Session cookies let you move from page to page without the need to repeatedly sign in. For instance, these cookies are used by the ABC Shop website to keep track of things such as what you put in your shopping cart. A session browser cookie is stored in the browser and deleted when the browser shuts down.
Persistent Cookies – Persistent cookies are used to help us monitor the performance of our digital services by recording your browsing behaviour within the particular digital service.
These browser cookies can only be read by the company that places the cookies on the computer. Persistent cookies are saved to the hard drive until they expire. Unlike session browser cookies, they are not deleted when the browser is shut down.
Flash Cookies – also known as Local Shared Objects, are used to track activity in Applications that are running in Adobe Flash Player. Designed for usability, they allow user's custom settings to persist between visits.
The ABC uses web beacons in combination with cookies to track activity. Turning off a browser's cookies will prevent web beacons from tracking activity.

7.3         Third Party Cookies
The ABC uses a number of suppliers who also set cookies on our digital services on our behalf in order to deliver the services that they are providing.
For instance, if we embed photos and video content from third parties such as flickr and youTube, those third parties may have set cookies relating to that content. If you then “share” that content, another third party cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through. The ABC does not control these cookies, and does not block cookies set by third parties in these ways.Some digital services provided by the ABC are specifically designed for children; ABC4Kids for pre-school children and ABC3 for older children. The online protection of children is a shared responsibility between the ABC, the parent or carer, and the child. We strongly encourage parents and carers to monitor and participate in their children's use of the ABC's digital services.

The ABC aims to ensure that children and young people who engage with our online spaces understand the possible risks they face and how to minimise them. ABC digital spaces designed for children are subject to House Rules which guide participation and are designed to maintain safe and appropriate behaviour. House Rules include restrictions on the types of personal information the ABC allows children to communicate publicly. Content submitted to ABC children's sites is largely pre-moderated in order to enforce the House Rules and protect children.
If your child is participating in online community activities, we recommend you read the House Rules for that space with your child and explain anything to them that they may not understand.In addition to the General Principles outlined above, the following information is relevant to the ABC Shop.

9.1                     Collecting information about you
We collect personal information about you:
to manage and deliver orders that you make now and in the future
so we have a record of your order should you wish to return or exchange an item at a later date
to contact you with offers specific to your order
if you send us a query
if you subscribe to an email list
with your permission, to advise you of ABC Shop special promotions
as part of an entry to a competition or product review
to run cookies on our website (see above)
as part of our customer database
for statistical and research purposes
for purposes directly related to all of the above.
The ABC automatically collects general website traffic information (such as how many people have visited the site, most popular pages etc). This information is collated into aggregate results in order to evaluate our service and business practice in an effort to provide you with an optimum shopping service.

9.2                     Disclosure of information
We may share non-personal, aggregated information with other ABC Divisions, our partners and product distributors for research purposes. We never identify or disclose individual customers or visitors' information or purchases but we may disclose how many customers bought a specific item or used a specific service.
We may disclose personal information to third parties as set out above.

9.3                     Access to your personal information
Personal information that you have provided to ABC Shop (such as your name, invoice and delivery addresses, phone number, or email address) is accessible by registering with ABC Shop. By registering with ABC Shop you will need to retain a username and password. The ABC recommends that you update your personal information if your details change so that our records are accurate, complete and up-to-date.

9.4                     Credit card information
Crucially, your credit card details are only stored and transmitted in encrypted form. Unencrypted credit card information is NOT stored on our internet servers. Online credit card payments are currently processed using a third party payment gateway service run by Direct Payment Solutions LTD (DPS). DPS provides a PCI-DSS (plastic card industry data security scheme) compliant payment gateway service to the ABC Shop that is used to securely process customer payments. DPS's Privacy Policy can be viewed here. Credit card information is never stored in a cookie.

If you use PayPal to complete your transaction, your personal information (including credit card information) will be collected and used by PayPal in accordance with their privacy policy, which is available here.
If you use your credit card and the transaction is manual rather than electronic, the imprinted record will be stored by the ABC Shop for the period that financial records are required to be retained.

9.5         Your Choice – Online or Offline Shopping
If you do not wish to place your order on the internet, we offer you the option of phoning, faxing or mailing in your order.
The ABC Shop
Customer Order Centre
GPO Box 9994
Sydney NSW 2001
Phone: 1300 360 111 [+61 2 8333 5668]
Fax: 1300 360 150 [+61 2 8333 5622]
Australia

Page last updated: February 11, 2013We understand your concerns about how your information is used and shared, and we endeavor to use such information carefully and sensibly. This page explains how the information you provide is collected and used.We may collect both personally identifiable information about you and non-personally-identifiable information about your experience when you access the Wolfram|Alpha website.

The personally identifiable information we collect on our website or through our service consists of information you submit to us, including your name, email address, and other personal information that you willingly provide. Because participation in these activities is voluntary, you have a choice whether or not to disclose such information.

In addition to information that you provide to us through forms, we receive non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with our websites, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, geographical region, referral URLs, and other data automatically supplied by common web browsers.When you use any Wolfram|Alpha application associated with a Third-Party Site ("TPS"), including but not limited to social networking sites such as Facebook, we may collect personally identifiable information about you from the profile you have established at the TPS.

By authorizing Wolfram|Alpha to access your TPS profile, you are authorizing Wolfram|Alpha to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that your privacy settings at the TPS allow Wolfram|Alpha to access through the TPS Application Programming Interface ("API").

The personally identifiable information Wolfram|Alpha is allowed to access is affected by the privacy settings you have established at the TPS. Because the linkage between any TPS and Wolfram|Alpha is completely voluntary, and our ability to access your information at the TPS requires that linkage, you have a choice whether or not to disclose such information.Information about our users is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We do not sell, rent, or lease your information to third parties.

The information we obtain from Wolfram|Alpha users helps us enhance and refine our service and content. Non-personal information collected about you through your experience and queries is used to better understand the entire population that is utilizing our website and how we might improve our services to improve the collective experience. Except as noted below, we track and record IP addresses that access our website for internal reporting, diagnostic, and analysis purposes only.

If you choose to receive communication from Wolfram|Alpha directly or via use of any submission forms associated with the website, we may send you an email response as well as notify you of other offers or services that may be of interest. When you send email or other communications to us, we may retain those communications to respond to you and improve our products and services.

Your IP address is used to determine, when possible, your approximate geographical location, which affects such things as your results' default currency and units of measure, based on what country you are in. Your browser type may be used to fine-tune the results for optimal display, for example on mobile devices or to work around limitations of a particular browser. Referrer URLs may be used to generate usage statistics and analyze usage patterns.We may release personally identifying information when we believe release is necessary to comply with lawful court orders. Any collected information associated with your use of the website (personal and non-personal) will be disclosed to government authorities or third parties only pursuant to a lawful request, subpoena, or other process that legally compels disclosure of that information.

We may also preserve, use, or disclose your information if necessary to enforce our Terms of Use and related agreements; to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, including high-volume use of the website; to respond to support requests; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Wolfram|Alpha, our users, or others.When you visit our website, we, like most websites, send one or more cookies—small anonymous identifiers—to your computer that uniquely identify you to our servers. While we do use cookies for security and fraud investigation purposes, our primary purpose is to enhance your user experience by understanding and remembering your preferences, and by general tracking of our user trends. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. Please be aware that Wolfram|Alpha may not have full functionality if your browser refuses cookies. We utilize the following types of cookies:
1) Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide services that you have requested on our website.
2) Functional Cookies: These cookies support and facilitate your use of our website by enabling enhanced and personalized features.
3) Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information that we utilize to support the measurement of this website.
4) Targeting Cookies: These cookies are used by social sharing services (such as Facebook), and also by various third parties to deliver messaging that may be of value or interest to you. We do not have access to read or write such third-party cookies, nor do we directly control the manner in which they may be used.From time to time, Wolfram|Alpha may contain links to other websites. We do not exercise any control over these websites, and we are not responsible for their privacy practices or content. We encourage all users to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited when following links from the Wolfram|Alpha website. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Wolfram|Alpha.Wolfram|Alpha may additionally be accessed through web widgets or gadgets that are embedded on third-party sites, such as iGoogle. If you choose to access Wolfram|Alpha via such tools, then depending on the third-party widget technology, your personal information and queries may be passed on to the third party's servers prior to being processed on the Wolfram|Alpha website.We take appropriate measures to ensure the security of our website and systems. This includes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data.

Despite our efforts to protect your personal information, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the internet may be intercepted. Your use of the website constitutes an acceptance of such risk.We may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time in the future. Any such updates or modifications shall be effective immediately upon their posting. Please refer back to this page often for the latest information.If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you may email us or contact us by U.S. mail at Wolfram Alpha LLC, Attn: Legal Department, 100 Trade Center Drive, Champaign, IL 61820-7237 USA.Privacy Policy of Linguee GmbH

Confidentiality and protection of your data is of paramount importance to Linguee GmbH (hereinafter "Linguee"). The protection of personal data collected, processed, and used in connection with your visit to our website is very important to us. Collection and use of your personal data is protected exclusively in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations. This privacy policy aims to inform you about the collection and use of your personal data whilst using our website www.linguee.com or Linguee Premium/Linguee Professional.

This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the German courts in respect of any dispute or matter arising out of or connected with this agreement. Any translation of the German language or German law version of this agreement (the "Original Agreement") is provided for convenience only and you agree that in the event of a conflict between the translated version and the Original Agreement, the provisions of the Original Agreement shall prevail.Data Controller for the purpose of German data protection law:
Linguee GmbH
Theodor-Heuss-Ring 36
50668 Köln
Amtsgericht Köln, HRB 64606

Should you have any questions or suggestions concerning data protection, please feel free to contact us via email at privacy@linguee.com.The purpose of the Data Protection Act is to protect individuals against infringement of their right to privacy as the result of the handling of their personal data. Personal data, as laid down in Section 3 (1) of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), is any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable natural person i.e name, address, email-address or telephone number and possibly data on usage. Data on usage is the data necessary in order to use our website e.g. characteristics to identify the recipient of the service, details of the beginning and end of the of the scope of the respective usage and details of the telemedia used by the recipient of the service. Increased protection is required for special categories of personal data such as information on racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, health or sex life.Automated data collection
On accessing a Linguee website, your internet browser and Linguee Premium / Professional automatically transfers data. The following data is stored separately from other data which is possibly transferred to us:
time and date of visit,
web browser and version,
utilised operating system,
website from which you are visiting us (referrer URL),
name of requesting domain,
amount of transmitted data,
notifications of successful data retrieval and
when using a web browser, the search term.
The above data is stored solely for technical reasons and will not, at any time, be associated to a specific person.

Additionally, Linguee will log the IP address of each enquiring computer. This is necessary in order to analyse requests, ensure the security of Linguee's system, prevent unauthorised retrieval of the contents of our database and prevent fake comments.

Data entered by users of subscription service Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional
Should you wish to continue use of the subscription service Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional after expiration of the free test phase, a simple registration is necessary. Registration requires that you provide your name, email address, user name, password and the requested payment information. This data is not only necessary in order to create and manage your user account, but also to allow the maximum use of all Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional features. Linguee may also use this data in order to answer, at request, questions, suggestions or complaints.

Optional data
As an additional feature, Linguee Professional also offers users the chance to create their own personal translator profile in the translator database. Translators may provide profile information such as name, location, associations/organisations, language pairs, native tongue etc. The information provided for your translator profile is optional and not required in order to use Linguee Professional. Please note that all information you voluntarily provide for your profile may, for example, be used to recommend you as a translator to other users.

The Linguee website allows you to voluntarily set up a free user account. There are several advantages of being a registered user: enjoy search results free of advertising, suggest words and translations, keep track of your suggestions and edited entries and participate in vocabulary discussions. In order to register, you need to provide a login name, your full name, your email address and choose a password. Your full name is not visible to other users.

Naturally, you alone decide which data you would like to provide us with. We at Linguee are committed to the principle of data economy and avoidance. However, missing information may lead to restrictions in the use of Linguee Premium and Linguee Professional.In order to process a payment, you will be redirected to the chosen payment service provider, where you will be asked to provide the necessary information for the handling of the payment (e.g. credit card details). Linguee itself has no access to your payment information. Solely the respective payment service provider is responsible for data collection and processing. Should future payments be settled differently, Linguee will forward the information for payment to the appropriate payment provider (bank, credit card company etc.).

Furthermore, the disclosure of your personal data without your express prior consent may generally only occur under the following exceptional circumstances:
In cases where it is deemed necessary in order to aid investigation of unlawful platform usage or legal proceedings, personal data will be made available to criminal prosecution authorities and, if necessary, to injured third parties. However, personal data will only be forwarded to the abovementioned in the presence of solid evidence of unlawful and/or abusive conduct. Data may also be disclosed should such disclosure aid the enforcement of terms and conditions or other agreements. Linguee is obliged by law to provide information upon request of certain public authorities i.e. criminal prosecution authorities, revenue authorities and authorities pursuing administrative offences entailing fines.
Occaisionally, to enable us to provide you with our services, we are reliant on contractual partners and external service providers, for example in the areas of advertising campaigns (sent only with your express prior consent), customer service and the processing of payments (credit card, billing address etc.). In the abovementioned cases, it is necessary that we forward information to the relevant party for further processing. In order to protect your right to privacy, our external service providers are carefully selected and periodically reviewed. The service providers are only allowed to use the data for purposes stated by Linguee. The service providers are also contractually obliged to handle your data in expressly in accordance with this privacy policy and German data protection laws.
Linguee GmbH is a continually developing company. It is therefore possible that Linguee GmbH may change it's legal form, or choose to buy or sell individual subsidiaries, company shares or units. In the event of such a transaction, customer/user information will be transferred together with the transferred part of the company. Linguee will ensure that each transfer of personal data to third parties (in the aforementioned manner) will be conducted in accordance with this privacy policy and the relevant data protection laws.If you click on a word for which you require a translation while using Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional, the whole paragraph in which the word is embedded is sent to Linguee. This helps in offering you with a translation in the appropriate context. In order to calculate and display the results, search queries, including the context in which they are sent, are stored on a short-term basis in the main memory on a Linguee server. Data is not stored beyond the aforementioned retention period.

Please note that Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional is an automated process and is unable to detect the inclusion of personal data in the transmitted paragraphs. As a result of which, clicking on words found in paragraphs which contain personal data of third parties and/or sensitive data is strictly prohibited. Sensitive data is data containing information on racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, health or sex life.
Depending on the your version of Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional, you may allow that your search history be stored. This can be done by changing your profile settings. As a result, your search history may then be included in your future translation searches. However, this is only possible if you have chosen to use this feature. You may revoke your consent that your search history is stored at any time with future effect via email to privacy@linguee.com or by changing your profile settings.Linguee offers a free newsletter service. The Linguee newsletter keeps subscribers informed about the latest Linguee news, surveys, new products or services and additional information of interest. Furthermore, we also provide information regarding offers and products from our cooperation partners.

To sign up for the newsletter, go to "Feedback" under http://www.linguee.com/english-german/page/feedback.php then the tick the box next to "Newsletter".
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. Each newsletter contains information about how to unsubscribe with future effect.Linguee stores so-called "Cookies", in order to provide you a large array of features and an easy-to-use service. "Cookies" are small files which, with the help of your browser, are stored on your computer. If you do not wish that "Cookies", you can disable "Cookies" by changing the settings of your internet browser on your computer accordingly. Please note that this may limit the functionality of our service.

Linguee also uses "Cookies" from our cooperation partners. This is how our offers are provided with advertisements, for example from DoubleClick/Google, pilot media GmbH und Co. KG, Group M, Ligatus GmbH, Adcloud GmbH, Criteo GmbH, AudienceScience (Germany) GmbH und Nugg.ad AG. Linguee may place (or identify) a unique Cookie, from the customer referred to in the advertisement, on your browser. By placement of the advertisement, information about your visit to the website is collected e.g. how often you have seen an advertisement. No further personal data e.g. your name or address, is collected or forwarded.

It is therefore not possible for you to be identified on the basis of this information. If you do not want information to be forwarded or Cookies to be placed, or you would like to receive further information regarding the use of Cookies, please refer to e.g. http://www.google.com/intl/de/privacy/privacy-policy.html, http://www.google.com/intl/de/privacy_ads.html oder auch http://www.meine-Cookies.org/
Central opt-out available soon under: http://www.meine-Cookies.org/Cookies_verwalten/praeferenzmanager.html

If you object to information regarding this purpose, in connection with your use of our online service, being forwarded, you may deactivate the interest-based advertising with one of our cooperation partners:
Google - Zum deaktivieren bitte hier klicken
Nuggad - http://www.nugg.ad/de/datenschutz
IVW/Agof - http://optout.ivwbox.de/
Adconion GmbH - http://www.adconion.com/de/datenschutz/das-adconion-cookie.html
AdJug GmbH - http://www.adjug.de
adnologies GmbH - http://ads.heias.com/x/opt_out.php
adyard GmbH - http://adyard.de/privacy-policy
Criteo GmbH - http://www.criteo.com/de/datenschutzrichtlinien/opt-out
ClickDistrict - http://ads.creative-serving.com/opt-out
groupm - http://www.groupm.com/privacy-policy
Kupona GmbH - http://datenschutz.kupona.de
Ligatus GmbH - http://www.ligatus.de/global/popup_datenschutz_retargeting.html
Metrigo GmbH - http://metrigo.com/privacy
M,P Newmedia GmbH - http://www1.mpnrs.com/deliver2/optout.jsp
Microsoft Deutschland GmbH - http://choice.live.com/advertisementchoice/
myThings - http://www.mythings.com/Optout.html
Open Inventory media - http://de.adition.com/privacy/
Pilot 1/0 GmbH - http://www.pilot.de/datenschutz
plista GmbH - http://www.plista.com/optout/index
Specific Media Germany GmbH - http://www.specificmedia.de/privacy
Vibrant Media GmbH - http://intellitxt.com/opt_out/ch_optout.asp
Yahoo! Deutschland GmbH - http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/de/yahoo/opt_out/targeting/details.html
xplosion interactive GmbH - http://www.xplosion.de/so-funktionierts/opt-out.html
mediascale GmbH & Co. KG - http://www.mediascale.de/de/datenschutz/index.html
If you have any revocation-related questions, please contact: widerruf@netzathleten.de
Please note, the implementing your revocation may require configuration of a permanent Cookie on your computer!Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "Cookies" i.e. text files stored on your computer, enabling an analysis of website and Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional usage. The information generated by the Cookie about your use of the website (including your abbreviated IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by a Google server in the United States. Google will use this information for evaluating your use of the website and Linguee Premium / Linguee Preofessional, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. When using Linguee Premium / Linguee Professional, no search requests or sections of text you click on will be forwarded to Google.
If you object to a website analysis, you can deactivate Google Analytics with a browser add-on. Download the add-on here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.

Google AdSense / AdExchange
Should Google AdSense or Google AdExchange (a Google Inc., USA ("Google") advertisement service) display advertisements on this website (text ads, banners etc.), your browser may store a Cookie from Google Inc. or sent from a third party. The information stored in the Cookie may be recorded, collected or analysed by Google Inc. or a third party. Additionally, Google AdSense uses "Web Beacons" (small invisible graphics) to gather information, with which simple data such as website visitor traffic can also be recorded, collected and analysed. The information generated by the Cookie and/or Web Beacon about your use of this website is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use the information gathered for the purpose of evaluating use of the website in view of the AdSense advertisements. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process thie information od Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the storage of Cookies on your hard drive and the display of web beacons by choosing "accept no Cookies" (phrase may vary with every web browser) in your browser settings. In Internet Explorer under "Tools / Internet options / Privacy / Advanced", then check "Override automatic Cookie handling" and "Block" First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies and uncheck "Always allow session Cookies". In Firefox under "Firefox Menu / Preferences / Privacy", then set "Firefox will" to "use custom settings for history", uncheck "Accept Cookies from sites" and uncheck "Accept third-party Cookies". Further information can be found under .

Criteo
For marketing purposes, the Linguee website uses Criteo SA (Unterer Anger 3, 80331 Munich, Germany) technology to collect and store information, in anonymous form, about website users' surfing behaviour. Criteo analyses the users' surfing behaviour, allowing a targeted and personalised banner with recommended products to be displayed when visiting other websites. You will find a small "i" (visible by mouse over) in the bottom right corner of each banner displayed . By clicking on it, you will be directed to a website, which explains the systematics and also offers an opt-out. By clicking the "Opt-Out", a Cookie will be placed which will prevent the banner from being displayed in the future. Data is, under no circumstances, used to personally identify website visitors. The data collected by Criteo is used solely to improve the advertisement offers. The collected information is not forwarded to third parties and is not used to other purposes. Please find further information or object to an anonymous analysis of your surfing behaviour under http://www.criteo.com/us/privacy-policy.

Scaleable Centralised Measuring Procedure
In order to determine statistical parameters for usage of our services, our website uses the "Scaleable Centralised Measuring Procedure" provided by INFOnline (https://www.infonline.de). Data is collected anonymously during this process. The (Scaleable Centralised Measuring Procedure) range measurement uses a Cookie "ivwbox.de" or an electronic signature (created using automatically transmitted information from your computer), to help recognise computer systems. IP adresses are processed in anonymous form only and are not stored. This range measurement procedure was developed in compliance with data protection legislation. The aim of the range measurement is to acquire statistical information regarding intensity of usage and number of users of a website. Individual users are not identified at any time. Your identity remains protected at all times. You will not receive advertisements from this system.
User statistics of websites and online services from members of the German "Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e.V." (IVW - www.ivw.eu, German association for the surveillance of the distribution of advertising media) or participants of the study "internet facts" by the "Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online-Forschung e.V." (AGOF - www.agof.de, German association for online research), will be published monthly by AGOF, the "Arbeitsgemeinschaft Media-Analyse e.V." (ag.ma - www.agma-mmc.de, German association for media analysis) and IVW, and may be viewed under http://www.agof.de, http://www.agma-mmc.de and http://www.ivw.eu. Besides publishing data, IVW regularly verifies the rule- and data protection compliancy regarding usage of the Scaleable Central Measuring Procedure. Further information about the Scaleable Central Measuring Procedure can be found on the INFOnline GmbH website (https://www.infonline.de), the AGOF data protection website (http://www.agof.de/datenschutz) and the IVW data protection website (http://www.ivw.eu). You may object to the data processing via Scaleable Central Measuring Procedure under the following opt-out link: http://optout.ivwbox.deYour data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer needed for the aforementioned purpose. Should it be required by law that certain data is retained, this data will be blocked. The data is then no longer available for further use.Linguee reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The latest version of the data protection policy can be found under http://www.linguee.de/deutsch-englisch/page/privacy.phpYour privacy is very important to Qatar Airways and we understand how important it is to you. This Privacy Policy applies to all information gathered by Qatar Airways when you are on the Qatar Airways site and when you utilise any services provided by Qatar Airways, including the Qatar Airways Privilege Club. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, we will only use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. Your use of this Website, mobile site and mobile applications constitutes your agreement this Privacy Policy. If you cannot agree with all these terms, please exit this Website, mobile site and mobile applications. Please note that other airlines have their own privacy policies. Qatar Airways suggests that you review those other policies if your travel plans include travel on other airlines, as those policies may differ from Qatar Airways. Qatar Airways is based in Doha, State of Qatar. We utilise support and other functions, which may require the transfer of your personal data to and from other countries from time to time, both within and outside of the European Economic Area. Please note that by using this website, mobile site and mobile applications, you are agreeing that your data may be sent to and processed in other countries with varying data protection laws. If you have any questions or comments on this, please contact Qatar Airways.www.qatarairways.com
m.qatarairways.com
m1. qatarairways.com
Android mobile application
Blackberry mobile application
iPhone mobile applicationQatar Airways may collect identifying information from you when you utilize the Qatar Airways website, mobile site and mobile applications:

Your name, address, telephone numbers, email address and prefered method of payment and flight booking details;
When you book online, or order products or services, Qatar Airways will collect your billing information, transaction and credit information;
If you apply for membership in the Qatar Airways Privilege Club, Qatar Airways will collect the personal information requested on the application;
Qatar Airways may also ask you to provide information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experiences with its products, and contact preferences in order to provide you with further services or information about its products and services; and
Some pages on the Qatar Airways website, mobile site and mobile applications use cookies. Please see the "How we use cookies" section below for more information about cookies.
Tracking statistical information collected as you navigate through our sites such as traffic hits. This is stored purely for analytical purposes, and is entirely anonymous.Qatar Airways uses the personal information it collects from you to help it understand your needs and to help it provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

To assess what special flight offers and services we can offer you;
To process your request on purchasing our product(s) and service(s) and confirm your travel arrangements;
To improve our products and services;
For the operations of Privilege club including mileage tracking, delivery of associated benefits and services, ongoing research and programme development, as well as delivering news and information to Privilege Club Members; and
For our own marketing purposes, such as sending you updates on our latest offers and promotions.
